

* <2007-03-04 Sun> "significant other" -- story about dating a fat man.
* ... 
* <2010-03-21 Sun> "Significant Other" story -- ends with him saying:

"We should stop seeing each other."
And she looks at him, huge as a mountain, on every news station, and says:
"Easy for you to say."

The shape of this should be easy:
  First bit is about her relationship w/ this dude.
  Ice cream cone melting down his hand.
  Then the extreme growth, the expanding.
  A couple of quick snapshots of him growing.

He barely fits in doors. He's got to duck through entryways and fold himself into cars.

He holds me, King-Kong-style, up to his lips. I stand on the greasy flat of his palm and kiss his giant damp lips. Lips
like innertubes. I can see the thick whorls and ridges of his skin. His whiskers a giant forest beneath me.

He takes a leak and destroys half of Scarborough:
"Motherfuckers had it coming," he says.

Boils the lake with hot piss.

Helicopters swarm his head, he doesn't swat them: he's a gentle giant.

A glandular thing, he says, a growth hormone out of whack. He's medicated.

I like them big.

Two guys with wedding bands on their fingers and meshback caps are reciting high-school football scores out of the
paper. 

I think this will seem too silly, too high-concept, perhaps?

"Aren't you afraid he'll squash you?" Rayanne asks. 
No, I'm not. It's not like he lays *down* on me when we fuck, Rayanne. He's a big guy, sure. 

Hmm. So what's this about, really?

//

* <2010-03-22 Mon> 
Don't he squash you? Rayanne asked. We ate powdered donuts, bad coffee.
Of course not. He doesn't *lay down* on me.

He's a big guy, sure. Some kind of glandular problem. I like them big. Thick-trunked and swollen-armed. His neck almost
goitered. Fleshy baggage around his middle. 

"More to love," I said. "More to hold."

He woke up at night, sheets rimed with sweat, arms and legs aching.

We'd been dating a week when I noticed his feet hanging off the bottom of the bed.
"Growing?" I asked. He nodded. Glandular problem.

I was never worried he'd squash me.

// 

Fighting between a couple different stories, here:
1) Significant Other  2) Jaundice  3) Bird Story

...
...

Significant Other has a couple scenes:
- One with him picking her up, her kissing his giant lips.
  "I want to get into your mouth," I tell him.
  He brings me up to eye level. "I think we should stop seeing each other."
- One with ice cream melting down his giant fist.
- One with him putting clouds on his face.

Disjointed -- how do they connect? How do I hit the right notes throughout and at the end?

A glandular thing. Chemicals mixed wrong in his blood. When I met him, he was 6'9", then 6'10", then 7'. I'd always
liked them big.

My girlfriends all told me to leave him before I got squished.

//

So, what, he grows huge and then what, she breaks up with him?
- Need one more detail about him, about what he does for her.

It's reached a point, yes, where we could no longer fuck the usual way. I spent hours instead coating his skin with
scented oils. Slipped into his folds, half-drunk. 

Things gotta move quick, here:
- He says they have to stop seeing each other earlier?
- He's gotta *do* something earlier?
- Scene with the ice cream earlier?

// Finally, a man I couldtake home to mother to crush her completely. A giant, impossible to argue against. Better than
piercings or drugs. 

We need a sense of what she wants outta this, I s'pose.

...

Bit w/ him attaching clouds to his face. He does into Lake Ontario to swim.

How's it end?

