Significant Other

% (c) Copyright 2010 Jeff Stautz. All Rights Reserved. 
% First draft started 2010-03-22 

A glandular thing. Chemicals mixed wrong in his blood. When I met him, he was 6'9'', then 6'10'', then 7 feet even. I'd
always liked them big--thickness in the neck and arms, fleshy baggage around the middle--but Bodie gave me a new sense
of scale. He kept gaining weight: two-sixty, two-eighty, three hundred pounds.

He was a nightclub bouncer and lived in a musty apartment in Cabbagetown. Our first night together, he poured chocolate
syrup in a stripe down my belly, and I was sold. The next morning, he'd grown too big for the bed.

He took drugs for it, but they couldn't keep his dosages matched with his growth rate. Extreme type of gigantism, he
said. His tattoos stretched to blurs.

My friends told me, "Leave him. Before you get squished." But he'd never do that to me: he used to keep one of my pubic
hairs folded under his tongue for hours. A careful awareness of my fragility. I'd lay on him, listen to his big heart
pump in and out like the ocean. I wanted to slide right in. He plucked me flowers from rooftop gardens only he could
reach, let me jungle-gym up his legs. He was four hundred pounds, then five. Ten feet tall. Eleven.

I talked marriage in roundabout ways. He laughed, said our wedding would need an aerial photographer, a camera on a
blimp. Each one of his hands was big enough to cup both my breasts at once.

He started getting tangled in telephone lines. Had to fold himself under overpasses. He was three stories tall and
pigeons roosted in his beard. Finally, I thought, a man I could take home to mother to crush her completely. Giant,
impossible to argue against, more effective than piercings or drugs.

On night I found him leaning against the embankment at Brickworks Park. A tiny ice cream cone melted between his fingers
and dripped down his wrist.

"We gotta stop seeing each other," he said. 

"Easy for you to say," I said. He was fifty feet tall, impossible \emph{not} to see.

"Too much blood to push around," he said. "Doctors say my heart's gonna freeze up."

"I'll have to warm you, then." I pressed myself into the folds of his neck. He sighed. His skin smelled like pencil
shavings.

Of course they pushed him to the edge of the city. Of course they set up spotlights and nets. Big as a small mountain,
he'd wade into the lake and suck the water level down a foot at a time. Had to uproot half a forest to feed
himself. Unsustainable, really. I drove up to Algonquin to visited him on weeknights, rubbed scented lotions into his
ankles.

Once, he grabbed a low-hanging cloud and attached it to his face like a beard. We made each other laugh until we cried,
and his tears punched holes in the dirt. Then he held me, King Kong-style, up to his mouth. I stood on the greasy flat
of his palm and kissed his giant damp lips. 

"I want to get into your mouth," I said. 

He held his breath for a second. "I know," he said. 

I pictured the swarm of veins deep inside him, pictured myself swimming through his blood. I climbed up the wet flesh of
his bottom lip.



